# Repo: ATSCChannelExtractor

**Project: ArcSoft TotalMedia Chl File Extractor - chl_reader.py**

**Copyright:** (c) 2025 NorCal Robotics

**Author:** Gabriel Field

**Description**

This Python script, `chl_reader.py`, is designed to extract information from backup files generated by ArcSoft TotalMedia. These files typically have the `.chl` extension and contain the info about detected channels that was gathered during ATSC channel scanning.

**Features**

- Parses information from `.chl` backup files.
- No external dependencies required.

**Requirements**

- Python 3.x 

**Usage**

1. Find the `chl_reader.py` script and the sample file `sample.chl` in this repository.

2. Open a terminal or command prompt and navigate to the directory containing these files.

3. Edit the script and replace `sample.chl` with the actual filename of your target `.chl` file.

4. Run the script using the following command:

   ```bash
   python3 chl_reader.py
   ```

5. The script will parse the file and display the extracted information on the console.
   You can pipe that output into a CSV file for inspection as a spreadsheet.

**Note:**

This is just a proof of concept, for demonstration purposes. You can modify the script to suit your specific needs and desired output format.

**License**

This project is licensed under the terms of the [MIT License](**[LICENSE]**).

**Disclaimer**

NorCal Robotics is not affiliated with ArcSoft TotalMedia. This script is provided as-is without warranty of any kind.
